"(a) The principal amount of the Building Loan outstanding from time to time shall  bear  interest  at  the  Applicable  Interest  Rate  until  paid  in  full.    For  LIBOR  Rate  Loans, interest shall be calculated on the daily unpaid principal balance of such LIBOR Rate Loan based on a year of three hundred sixty (360) days and using the actual number of days elapsed during any  period  during  which  interest  is  being  charged.    For  Base  Rate  Loans,  interest  shall  be calculated  on  the  daily  unpaid  principal  balance  of  such  Base  Rate  Loan,  based  on  the  actual number  of  days  elapsed  during  any  period  during  which  interest  is  being  charged.    As  of  the Closing Date, the Building Loan is a LIBOR Rate Loan.  Borrower may elect from time to time (each, a ""Base Rate Election""), but no more frequently than once in any calendar month, to cause any portion of the principal amount of the Building Loan to be a Base Rate Loan, by giving Agent irrevocable written notice of such election, designating the Base Rate Period for which such Base Rate Election is to apply.  At least two (2) Business Days following Agent's receipt of a Base Rate Election, that portion of the Building Loan so designated by Borrower shall become a Base Rate Loan,  and  shall  continue  to  be  a  Base  Rate  Loan,  unless  and  to  the  extent  Borrower  makes  a LIBOR Rate Election with respect to such portion of the Building Loan.  As long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrower may elect from time to time (each, a ""LIBOR Rate Election""), but no more frequently than once in any calendar month, to cause any portion of the principal amount of the Building Loan to be a LIBOR Rate Loan, by giving Agent irrevocable written notice of such election (""LIBOR Notice""), designating the LIBOR Rate Period for which such LIBOR Rate Election is to apply.  At least two (2) LIBOR Business Days following Agent's receipt of a LIBOR Rate Election, that portion of the Building Loan so designated by Borrower shall become a LIBOR Rate Loan, and shall continue to be a LIBOR Rate Loan, unless and to the extent Borrower makes a Base Rate Election with respect to such portion of the Building Loan.  If a LIBOR Rate Election is then in effect with respect to any portion of the Building Loan, then no LIBOR Rate Period for such portion (or any part thereof) of the Building Loan may be designated which commences prior to the last day of the then current and applicable LIBOR Rate Period for such portion of the Building Loan.  In no event may Borrower elect a LIBOR Rate Period which extends beyond the Maturity Date.  Borrower may elect for any portion of the Building Loan to"
