"(1) INTEREST.  Atalaya Luxco PIKco, a corporate partnership limited by shares (socit en commandite par actions) organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg) registered with the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B186929 whose registered office is located at 4, rue Lou Hemmer, L- 1748 Luxembourg (the Company), promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at 13.25% per annum (PIK Interest) from May 30, 2014 until maturity.  The Company will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on May 30 and November 30 of each year, or if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date).  Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from May May 30, 2014 until the principal hereof is due.  The first Interest Payment Date shall be November 30, 2014.  The Company will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, at the rate that is 1% per annum in excess of the rate then in effect, and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) at the same rate to the extent lawful. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, interest on the Notes shall accrue at the rate of 11.50% per annum (Cash Interest) on the portion only of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes for which the Company has elected to pay interest in cash during each interest period designated by the Company as a Cash Interest Period pursuant to an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than the beginning of the relevant interest period, provided that such designation shall apply to either 25%, 50%, 75% or 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding.  The Company may revoke its election to pay Cash Interest on 25%, 50%, 75% of 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes pursuant to an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee on or prior to the relevant interest payment date, provided that interest on the aggregate principal amount of the Notes subject to such revocation shall be computed at a rate of 15.25% per annum, and further provided that such revocation may only be made if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture. The Company shall apply the proceeds from any dividend paid in cash by the IPO Issuer to pay Cash Interest."
